hey folks welcome to another video from
GPS maestro com your source for all
things related to cell phones smart
phones and GPS so today we're doing a
video on the verizon iphone 4 versus the
AT&T iphone 4 this is one thing that
people have been wondering now that it's
finally official the verizon iphone 4 is
finally here so i thought why don't we
just jump in and get start and kind of
look at what the differences are between
the two phones ok there's a couple
important notes that people have been
asking about the verizon iphone 4 no
this is not a 4g phone it's still going
to be the same old 3g phone that it is
on AT&T alright and doesn't have an LTE
antenna it can't be upgraded that way
you'll have to buy a 4g specific phone
if you want 4G ok there is no verizon
bloat word on here i know people have
been kind of wondering if verizon would
muck it up but no this is l verizon's
garbage software apps they'd like to
install on are not there and as far as
the white iphone 4 goes people were
saying hey they're going to have it out
with when verizon makes its announcement
no such luck the verizon iphone 4 or the
white iphone four still m.i.a so all in
all the specifications of both phones
are pretty much identical they both got
the retina display and the same 1
gigahertz processor the same amount of
ram all that jazz they both can access
the app store really no difference is
there ok so but there are a few
differences to look at here let's start
with the big one is the antenna ok ATT
is a gsm network and verizon is a CDMA
networks this is why the phone hasn't
come sooner because it's different
antenna technology inside now one thing
to keep in mind here is that there
should be fewer death grip death grip
issues if you remember back when the
iphone 4 first came out people are
having all sorts of problems with with
that signal loss well with the whole
antenna being redesigned in the verizon
iphone that really shouldn't be an
shoo the one thing to keep in mind that
with a TMP it's not too big of an issue
anymore as Apple did kind of quietly add
a non conductive coating to the outside
of their new iPhones so while they don't
give away bumpers anymore like they used
to for AT&T the phone said that just
really not too big of an issue though
expect it to be fixed in the next
generation iphone anyway all right come
activity and data here's a couple ones
where there is a little bit of a
difference remember everybody is talking
about how 18t doesn't have a very good
network for the iphone and the iphone is
really crippled it and for the most part
that's true now let's talk about some of
what Verizon is going to get here
they're going to get your phone will
come with a Wi-Fi hotspot am so that if
you get the plan for any way you can use
your iphone 4 as a wireless hotspot like
you can do with a lot of Android phones
now one thing to keep in mind is that
this is just an app that allows you to
use it both phones for both carriers
actually have the hardware for it though
AT&T just hasn't recent hasn't allowed
you to use it though we are expecting
with the release of iOS 4.3 the wireless
hotspot to come to AT&T and that's
estimated to be in march two thousand
eleven but don't quote me on that I'm
just kind of taking an educated guess
here based on what I've been able to
uncover all right as far as speeds AT&T
has quite a bit faster theoretical max
speeds than verizon does at 7.2 mbps
versus 3.1 mbps but keep in mind that
real world tests so far anyway are
showing that verizon's actually it's
faster because their network is isn't so
overloaded as in some places are with
AT&T but one thing you do get with AT&T
on their phone is that you can still do
simultaneous data and calls so if you
need to look up something on Google Maps
while you're on a phone call you can do
that if you need to go online while
you're on the phone
you can still do that with verizon you
would have to you can only do data like
internet or phone calls you can only do
one or the other not both at the same
time alright so those are probably the
biggest major differences another little
one here roaming okay the CDMA one for
verizon that's going to be us only there
aren't a lot of other cdma networks out
there most of the world uses gsm which
means that the 18 t1 while it is really
expensive can do global roaming okay a
couple things that we want to look at
here that remain to be seen that have
been kind of an issue on AT&T is the
dropped calls man the iphone has in all
its iterations has been notorious for
dropping calls now it's not totally
clear if that's an AT&T issue or however
are a phone issue so that's one thing
that's going to marine remain to be seen
especially once a lot of iphones get put
on verizon's network can it handle all
the extra load verizon wants to have you
believe yes and that very well may be
the case they do have a bigger network
it's a little bit slower than AT&T s but
it's it's pretty rock solid it doesn't
doesn't fail very often okay and another
thing that remains to be seen as better
call quality okay verizon likes to tell
you that they've got the best call
quality and again that's something
that's going to remain to be seen
especially once there's a few million of
these iphones added to the network on
top of all the other smartphones from
blackberry and Android and Windows Phone
7 so will there be better call quality
we don't know yet as far as availability
Verizon customers if you want to if
you're already a verizon customer
februari third you can get your iphone 4
you can pre-order it and februari 10th
everybody else can get down and I that's
the official launch date so those are
the differences between the AT&T and
Verizon versions of the iphone 4 that's
all we know so far so if you have any
questions feel free to post a comment
let me know let me know what you think
of the video I think you want to thank
you for watching that's all I got be
sure to come
check us out at GPS maestro calm your
home for all things GPS and smartphones
see you next time